[DOCU-1826] add Kong Products section and Publish to Dev Portal page (#24)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/ssl-validation.md

Have you seen certificate errors like these?

> ```bash

Reviewer: 🙌🏽

Error: unable to verify the first certificate
```

```bash

> Error: Hostname/IP doesn't match certificate's altnames: "Host: schier.co. is not in the cert's altnames: DNS:*.surge.sh, DNS:surge.sh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error: Hostname/IP doesn't match certificate's altnames: "Host: example.com is not in the cert's altnames: DNS:*.surge.sh, DNS:surge.sh"
```
